>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, so we built
a toggle component, and I'm going to work
through the solution and then we'll go
ahead and do the, your elaboration.
And we'll move on.
And you'll have time to ask questions and
stuff too.
Actually, before I start,
does anybody have any questions?
Wanna see the solution first, and
then you will have questions, okay, good.
So, I'm gonna go ahead and
pop in this switch because that's
what we're gonna be rendering.
And the switch component, as documented
here, it takes an on click and
an on prop, so
we're gonna need to pass on.
I'm gonna put that in state and
then on click.
And I'm gonna call this toggle.
I need to create those things, so
let's do state equals on is false.
And toggle is a bound function,
arrow function,
which actually doesn't have a binding.
But anyway,this .setstate and we need
previous state if we are gonna toggle
we need to know what was the state before
we are gonna use an updater function.
And this is the current state and
we will return an object
with on is current state .on but
negated toggle.
And if you look at the usage this
menu through in front of you because
I don't think that I see yeah I guess
I did talk about it a little bit.
But we'll need to pass a call
back to this that calls
this .props.on_toggle with this .state.on.
And with that all of your
tests should be passing.
And if you pull open the exercise now,
[SOUND] it works just the same
as the final version.
All right,
what questions do you have about
this, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Do you have to use a state
updater function?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Good question.
So you could reasonably,
say this.setState we'll
just do this and this will this.state.on.
Let's see, something like that.
So I was gonna say that this works wait,
static state, that's the super
secret do-not-use-or-you-will-be-fired,
just kidding.
So yes, this actually does work in our
case, the one thing that react does not
guarantee, especially when async
mode comes around, is that your,
and actually even now,
your set state could be batched.
And so you don't have any control over
what the state will be when
this set state is processed.
And so by providing an updater function
it can pass you what the state is
at the time that this set state call
is being processed in the batching.
So that you're actually
referencing the current state.
>> Speaker 3: Would it be okay, so
what I did is I captured the new on
like in a variable above it and then
referenced it, will that also be okay?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yes,
that'll be same as what we are doing.
So, generally the rule
is if you need to reference current
states then you can update a function.
If you don't then you
can just use an object.
If you don't like having complicated rules
then just always use an updated function.
Any other questions?
>> Kent C. Dodds: All right,well one
of you did your job,
no just kidding, no, thank you.
I should probably double check.
One thing that I didn't
mention about thing is,
something that I had have
a lot of people ask me about
in the past with regard to my workshops
is, what file I'm I currently in.
And so
I made it enormous at the bottom here.
It's kinda clipped off but
that's the file that I mean.
So whenever I'm in a file and you
are like where is he, that's where I am.
Okay cool, so let's go ahead and
go to our test and make everything green.
You can just copy and paste this and
when you ran the setup you
should have seen a little thing that
said like what's your email address.
You fill that out and it would actually
prepopulate the Property on this URL.
If that didn't work for
you then you can actually run,
and you don't have to do that.
It just makes filling out these forms
easier but you can run node scripts,
autofill-feedback-email and
it will ask for your email address.
You fill that out and
all of these will be pre-populated so
you don't have to add your
email address to the form.
But in any case you pop this open
take you to this feedback form.
And please elaborate on what you learned.
>> Kent C. Dodds: This'll
just be a couple of seconds,
so we'll do this.
When you're finished, go ahead and
remove the .skip in front of this test.
And then you should have
all of your tests green.
And you also have to change
submitted from false to true.
And then all your tests should be green.
Okay, so somebody asked on the chat,
could someone briefly explain what
exactly the Stop, Props to Untoggle,
this.stay.on does.
So they're asking
specifically this right here.
And what this does is,
this is a pretty common pattern
in building React components.
You have this component
that manages its own state.
But as a user of that component,
I want to know when that state is changed.
And so you provide a change handler and
in our case it's an onToggle handler
cuz this is a toggle component.
And so our usage provides
this onToggle handler and
it's just defaulting to console.log.
So if you go to the app and you pop-open
your console every time you cook on it,
it should tell you when
the toggle is happening.
So that's all this is doing is it's,
once we have updated our state,
we're going to say, hey,
by the way, we updated our state.
Just in case you wanted to know.
And if you didn't wanna know,
then why are you using this component.
Because it's kinda useless on its own.
Which is actually one of the reasons why
we don't have a default props set for
ontoggle.
Because if you're using
this without an ontoggle,
then why are you using this at all?
Okay, any other questions?
What were some of the things that
you mentioned in your elaboration?
What did you learn?
>> Speaker 4: Nothing I mean I learned
the same thing that question was about
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: Looking at your solution and
then realizing that I shouldn't
just be using an object.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, yeah.
So set state should be public and
updated function when you're
referencing current state.
Cool.